<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" 
      xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <ui:composition template="templates/creatively-article.xhtml">

        <ui:param name="pageTitle" value="FAQ"/>
        <ui:param name="webSiteTitle" value="X Files"/>

        <ui:define name="submenu">
            <ul>
                <li><a href="#{request.contextPath}/faces/about.xhtml">About</a></li>
                <li><a href="#{request.contextPath}/faces/contacts.xhtml">Contact Us</a></li>
                <li class="selected"><a href="#">FAQ</a></li>
                <li><a href="#{request.contextPath}/faces/tutorial.xhtml">Tutorial</a></li>
            </ul>
        </ui:define>

        <ui:define name="categories">	
            <h3>Advertisement</h3>
            Place for ads.
        </ui:define>

        <ui:define name="content">
            <h2>Frequently Asked Questions</h2>
            <dl> 
                <dt>How can I register in XFiles?</dt>
                <dd>To register for Xfiles click the green button "Register" (button at the top right) on the main page of the site. 
                    The dialog appears, where you should enter your e-mail, which will be your user name in our system, 
                    then enter your password, then repeat your password, and after that enter your name. If you like you may enter more information.<br/>
                    Note that <strong>e-mail</strong>, <strong>password</strong>, <strong>first name</strong> and <strong>last name</strong> are mandatory parameters.
                    You will not be able to complete registration if you don't fill in this fields. 
                </dd>

                <dt>How to sign in to XFiles?</dt>
                <dd>To log in to your account, click the green button "Sign In" (the button is located on the top right), 
                    enter your e-mail address (user name) and password.</dd>
                
                <dt>I forgot the password to my account and cannot sign in. What should I do?</dt>
                <dd>You can reset the password with the help of <a href="#{request.contextPath}/faces/recover.xhtml">password recovery page</a>. The password will be sent to you e-mail.</dd>
                
                <dt>What are the buttons in the main menu?</dt>
                <dd>On the top of the any page you can see the main menu. It's just a set of links that helps to navigate between pages of the site.<br/>
                    Currently, it contains the following: Home (return to home page), 
                    About (about us and our file storage), 
                    Services, Blog (still in development), 
                    Pricing (in development), 
                    Cabinet (your personal account management, where you can also register, log in to your account and reset your password and log out).</dd>
                
                <dt>How to upload files?</dt>
                <dd>You can easily upload your file to XFiles. Sign in to your account and navigate to "Files" tab in personal cabinet. You will see the "Upload".
                    By clicking this button you will be navigated to the "File upload form". Just select file to upload, specify necessary parameters and click "Upload".</dd>
                
                <dt>Is it possible to upload several files at a time?</dt>
                <dd>Unfortunately, we have not implemented this feature yet. But you can upload an archive of files (ZIP, RAR and others).</dd>
                
                <dt>What is the maximum size of uploaded file?</dt>
                <dd>We are at the stage of testing. So, the maximus size of uploaded file is currently set to 40 Mb.</dd>
                
                <dt>What is the File Access Type?</dt>
                <dd>
                    There are 3 access types of files: <strong>Private Access</strong>, <strong>Public Access</strong> and <strong>Group Access</strong>.<br/>
                    Files with "Public Access" type can be downloaded by any user of XFiles who has the download-link to the file 
                    (of course, the user will be able download it if he knows the password).<br/>
                    Files with "Private Access" type can be downloaded by the owner of the file. Currently, the file can only have a single owner.<br/>
                    "Group Access" files (or just group files) are shared between a group of users. 
                    But in order to download the file, the user will need to get approval of at least 3 other users of the group.
                </dd>
                
                <dt>How to upload file and give a link to my friend?</dt>
                <dd>
                    If you want to share the file with your friends, just upload it with "Public" access type. You can give the download-link to another user.
                    <br/>If you want to send file to a person who is not registered in our service, you can create a download request and, 
                    after file is read, send the link to ready file to your friend.
                </dd>
                
                <dt>I downloaded a lot of files but all my requests disappeared. Why?</dt>
                <dd>
                    Since the download request is in READY status (2), it exists only 2 hours.
                    If you want to download the file again, just create another request.
                </dd>
                
                <dt>How can I delete, add or edit my files?</dt>
                <dd>
                    Currently, you are not able to do that. We are working on it.
                </dd>
                
                <dt>What can I do in Messages tab?</dt>
                <dd>
                    Initially, this tab was intended for messaging between users. But this feature is not very important.<br/>
                    Now, Messages tab is used for approving download requests for group files.
                </dd>
            </dl>
        </ui:define>

    </ui:composition>

</html>