<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" 
      xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <ui:composition template="templates/creatively-article.xhtml">

        <ui:param name="pageTitle" value="About"/>
        <ui:param name="webSiteTitle" value="X Files"/>

        <ui:define name="submenu">
            <ul>
                <li class="selected"><a href="#">About</a></li>
                <li><a href="#{request.contextPath}/faces/contacts.xhtml">Contact Us</a></li>
                <li><a href="#{request.contextPath}/faces/faq.xhtml">FAQ</a></li>
                <li><a href="#{request.contextPath}/faces/tutorial.xhtml">Tutorial</a></li>
            </ul>
        </ui:define>

        <ui:define name="categories">
            <h3>Advertisement</h3>
            Place for ads.
        </ui:define>

        <ui:define name="content">
            <h2>About XFiles</h2>
            <h:panelGroup class="text">
                <p>Welcome to our file hosting «XFiles»! We are proud to announce that our project have recently started, 
                    and our services are being actively developed.</p>
                <p>Unlike others, our XFiles can offer you, in addition to a simple file storage, 
                    a file storage with encryption. It is also possible to protect the file from unwanted download with 3-user approval. 
                    This means that the uploaded file can be downloaded only if the download request received confirmation of three members of the group. 
                    It obviously improves the the file storage making it many times more secure.</p>
                <p>At current alpha-testing stage of development, XFiles is a simple file hosting, 
                    so many things are not ready yet. You can take part in development, to help us to improve the project by finding bugs and errors.
                    If you want to see a feature in our project which is not implemented, feel free to send us a feature request.
                </p>
              <p>Also, soon we will create a section where you will be able to share with us your ideas and ask questions.</p>
              <p>Thank you very much four your patience.</p>
            </h:panelGroup>
        </ui:define>

    </ui:composition>

</html>